hi friends today I'm will be preparing
Hortons are a vegetable soup you can
prepare the soup and many different
variations
this is a basic soup recipe one of done
is I've gone ahead and he took two cups
of water you can either use water
Phyllis rusty or brought anyone chicken
or vegetable broth now to this water
more go ahead and add our mixed
vegetables that is cans beans cabbage
corn and 1/2 onion finely chopped garlic
and chilies and since then bring this to
a boil the reason I have cut all the
vegetables and my new pieces of vicar's
will cook fast and be very nice and
flavorful now once this starts to boil
I'm going to go ahead and add the stock
you
you can add vegetable or chicken stock
you're totally up to you this is just to
enhance performance on things
I'm going to get the good stuff
now what is the our vegetables are half
them I've gone ahead and added 2
tablespoons of our tomato ketchup 1
tablespoon of soy sauce now I'm going to
go ahead and simmer this further the
recipe detail will be posted on my blog
to take a print of this text recipe you
can visit my blog I post a blog link in
the about by below this video you can
also follow me on my Facebook for
regular dates the same video is
translated and posted in Tamil language
if you are a family you can subscribe to
my channel channel all the links will be
in the above bar below this video now
once the vegetables are done have gone
ahead and added corn starch 1 tbsp of
concept and I'm going to I'll have this
whistle my father once the soup thickens
I am going to adjust this salt and also
add msg and quality spoon of sugar and
reduce this further
in about a minute's time my scruples
done arrived in sweet corn that's
totally up to you can and that you bees
around and at this point my scruples
done I am just going to add vinegar mix
it thoroughly and serve it hot you
should not cook this further
after adding vinegar you need to stop
this right away if you like this recipe
do give me a thumbs up and subscribe to
my channel for more video recipes
interviews this is with your lakshmi
until next time thank you so much for
watching bye bye